OSDOCS#9491: Update back up and restore procedure for on-premise (#71173)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hosted-cluster-etcd-backup-restore-on-prem.adoc

// * hcp-backup-restore-dr.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="hosted-cluster-etcd-backup-restore-on-prem_{context}"]
= Backing up and restoring etcd on a hosted cluster

> An etcd member of a 3-node cluster might fail because of corrupted or missing data. If multiple members of the etcd cluster have lost data or return a `CrashLoopBackOff` status, it can cause an etcd quorum loss. Complete the following steps to back up and restore etcd on a hosted cluster in an on-premise environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By backing up and restoring etcd on a hosted cluster, you can fix potential failures, such as corrupted or missing data in an etcd member of a three node cluster. If multiple members of the etcd cluster encounter data loss or have a `CrashLoopBackOff` status, this proactive approach helps prevent an etcd quorum loss.
```
